Update blobfuse2-commands-secure-decrypt.md (#124852)
Azure/azure-content: articles/storage/blobs/blobfuse2-commands-secure-decrypt.md

| Flag | Value type | Default value | Description |
|--|--|--|--|
| config-file        | string  | ./config.yaml                  | The path of encrypted configuration file       |
| output-file        | string  |                                | The path and name for the output decrypted configuration file |
| passphrase         | string  |                                | The key to be used for encryption or decryption<br />Can also be specified by environment variable BLOBFUSE2_SECURE_CONFIG_PASSPHRASE.<br />The key must be 16 (AES-128), 24 (AES-192), or 32 (AES-256) bytes in length. |

## Examples

> [!NOTE]

> > The following examples assumes that you have already created a encrypted configuration file in the current directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The following examples assume that you have already created an encrypted configuration file in the current directory.
```
